Come come
Oh, and let me tell you
I heard that our company personnel have grown on time recently.
Now.
Our leader Wang Lei and the director of the Xiao Xu family
To be born as a manager
true or false?
That makes Manager Fang
Xiao Xu's little life is getting better and better
Hahahaha oops
Hey, let's not ask Xiaoxue to drink in the future
How can we not offend our manager?
No.
What if he is the boss?
I'm out to hang out with my colleagues. What's the matter?
Hey
First class
That must, must, come and drink, drink
Ouch oops
Isn't this Director Fang of Xiao Xu?
Hey, okay, okay
Don't pretend in front of me, hurry up and pick it up
Go home early, I won't pick up today
Ouch, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, cheers.
Drinking, drinking, drinking, drinking.
Did something happen to Xu Ze?
Why don't you answer the phone?
Maybe he's just busy.
I used to call him
He never fails to take it.
Was it because of his group of friends?
I took it for a drink
Oh, then you can ask his colleague.
I don't have a good relationship with his colleagues
Where is your phone?
Well you type one
Let me tell you something.
That was definitely not my problem that day
Xu Zeyu
Xu Zeyu, are you brave now?
Not coming home so late
I called you and you didn't answer